Link to Stripe initialization options (#101)
stripe/stripe-js: README.md

### `loadStripe`

This function returns a `Promise` that resolves with a newly created `Stripe`

> object once Stripe.js has loaded. It takes the same parameters you normally pass

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
object once Stripe.js has loaded. It takes the same parameters passed
```
Since using the loader might be the only / normal way for someone to instantiate a `Stripe` object.
